1. A short business analsysis
Cardbox's delivery service has good enough time response with 24 hours since the acquisition was made. Their inventory isn't enough to satisfy new customers and need to be replenished increasing the cost. Furthermore, the company's sales are not seasonally, beacuse customers needs include paper and cardbox most of the year, remaining the sales plateau until the year end. This complany is located into an industrial area in Barcelona, that represent an excellent oportunity for the logistics and conmute time to the large city.

2. A brief P&L analsysis
* Sales are around 40 euros than can be considered not enough for a medium company.
* The company decreased it sales by 8% in 2008 and it is expecting 15% for the 2019. Which are bad news for the stakeholders.
* The gross margin slightly fall from 26% to 21%. There are a big deterioration on the margin due to: The COGS growth and the decrement on the prices.
* The Opex remains steady which is a good news.
* ROS fall dawn dramatically from 5% to 1% and it is expecting -2%.

3. A brief balance sheet analsysis
Some parameters need to be analysed and reviewed in order to make a decision. Particularly, the increment on the cash and the inventory, also the decrement on the receivables that are very good news. Moreover, the current assets remain the same, meanwhile the payables and taxes decrease considerably.
The presented forecast shown a decrease on the purchases for 2009 while the receivables will be increasing. This movements will decrease the inventory, so, it will be a good idea to take action at this moment.

4. Diagnosis
There are a few concerns about the company survive for the next year having a line of credit by 15m, because to survive the company requires 15.6m. This trend will continue either if they ask for a bigger credit line, unless they perform some actions that warranty the NFO reduction or the the increment in the WC.
ON the other hand, as a stakeholder, there are an uncertain about the future due to the sales that are decreasing, representing a problem maybe in the decisions that were made.

5. Action plan
There are some action points that the company should consider.
1. Expand to new business markets exporting their materials also outside the region. This action will increase its diversification.
2. Early payments discounts (that increases the customer's loyalty)
3. Improve the margins by increasing the prices.
4. Expenand its horizon to the internet, so, it will attract the youth consumptions.
5. Perform some adjustements in the payable days, that will decrease the needed of a credit line.
